New sample: query dynamic entities (#430)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-flutter-samples: lib/samples/query_dynamic_entities/README.md

# Query dynamic entities

Find dynamic entities from a data source that match a query.

![Image of query dynamic entities](query_dynamic_entities.png)

## Use case

Developers can query a `DynamicEntityDataSource` to find dynamic entities that meet spatial and/or
attribute criteria. The query returns a collection of dynamic entities matching the
`DynamicEntityQueryParameters` or track IDs at the moment the query is executed.

An example of this is a flight tracking app that monitors airspace near a particular airport,
allowing the user to monitor flights based on different criteria such as arrival airport or flight
number.

## How to use the sample

> Tap **Query Flights** button and choose one of the query options. After the query completes, a list of matching flights is shown. Expand a flight to see its latest attributes update in real-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tap the "Query Flights" button and select a query to perform from the menu. Once the query is complete, a list of the resulting flights will be displayed. Tap on a flight to see its latest attributes in real-time.
```
Per the design

## How it works

1. Create a `DynamicEntityDataSource` to stream dynamic entity events.
2. Create `DynamicEntityQueryParameters` and set its properties:
   * To spatially filter results, set `geometry` and `spatialRelationship`.

>    * To query entities with certain attribute values, set `whereClause`.

Reviewer: I think we're missing the third bullet point here from the design:
`* To get entities with specific track IDs, modify the trackIDs collection.`

Unless we're deliberately not doing that in the implementation.

3. To perform a dynamic entities query, call `DynamicEntityDataSource.queryDynamicEntities` to query with spatial and/or attribute filters, or call `DynamicEntityDataSource.queryDynamicEntitiesByTrackIds` if you want to query *only* by track IDs.
4. When complete, get the dynamic entities from the result using `DynamicEntityQueryResult.iterator()`.
5. Use `DynamicEntity.onDynamicEntityChanged` to receive change notifications.
6. Get the new observation from `DynamicEntityChangedInfo.receivedObservation` and use `dynamicEntityPurged` to determine whether a dynamic entity has been purged.

## Relevant API

* DynamicEntity
* DynamicEntityChangedInfo
* DynamicEntityDataSource
* DynamicEntityLayer
* DynamicEntityObservation
* DynamicEntityQueryParameters
* DynamicEntityQueryResult

## Offline data

This sample uses [PHX Air Traffic JSON](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=c78e297e99ad4572a48cdcd0b54bed30).

> It is downloaded from ArcGIS Online as part of the sample.

Reviewer: Do we need this part? I don't see it in the design.
